** PRIVACY POLICY **
The foregoing privacy policy (“Privacy Policy ”) outlines the practices and handling of your information collected by Wiznry AI Inc., with its head office at 8522 171 St, British Columbia, Canada (hereinafter “Wiznry” or “us” or “we”), via Wiznry Website (the “Website”) and Voice-activated applications.

We respect your right to privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide information to us, you expect us to act responsibly with this information.

 

1. What information do we collect?

1.1 Unless you explicitly provide us with information, you remain anonymous while visiting our Website or using our Voice-activated applications.
 

1.2 During the registration process we may ask you to provide company’s name, address, telephone number, email address, individual point of contact name. The information that you choose to share with us is used in the following ways:

Account information
If you wish to access our product pricing, quoting and ordering services, you must are required to register with us. Your account information tells us who you are, how to contact you, and your shipping and billing information but does not include any bank account information or credit card information.
On-Line Training and Workshops
Prior to accessing our On-Line Training or to pre-register for Instructor-led Workshops, you must supply your email address, name and contact details, including company name and address.
Electronic newsletters: If you subscribe to any of our newsletters then you must provide us with your email address.
Email correspondence: We use email to communicate about Wiznry’s products and services and to respond to your inquiries.

1.3 Statistical information about your visit:

IP addresses are logged to obtain anonymous, aggregated statistics on site usage. Information such as the page you visited before our Website and the page you visited after leaving our Website is logged but no statistical report is generated.

 

2. How do we use your information?

2.1 The information you choose to share with us, will be used only in ways specified when it was collected. We will not use your information for other purposes unless we receive your consent to the new usage.


2.2 If you have provided us with your email address, we will use your information to correspond with you.

 

3. Do we share information?

3.1 We will not provide your information to other companies or individuals without your permission. Your information may be shared with our authorized partners, including distributors and shipping companies, in order to fulfill delivery of your product purchases.


3.2 We protect all personally identifiable information we collect through our website against loss, misuse, and alteration. In addition, password protection is used to secure access to your information.


3.3 When you access the Service, We collect certain technical information in order to (i) analyze the usage of our sites and services; (ii) provide a more personalized experience; and (iii) manage advertising. You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow.

 

4. Where is your information stored?

4.1 Information collected and processed through our Website and via our Voice-activated applications is stored on servers located in the United States and Canada. Wiznry is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information stored on our servers.


4.2 Our Website provides links to other, third party, websites. Since we are not responsible for these sites, we encourage you to review their privacy policy.

 

5. How do you unsubscribe from email newsletters?

5.1 If you wish to stop receiving electronic newsletters from Wiznry, send an email to info@wiznry.ai

 

6. How do you correct your personal information?

6. 1 You can help us make sure your information is accurate in our system by informing us of changes to your contact information. You may send corrections to: info@wiznry.ai

 

7. Policy updates:

7.1 To better serve all visitors to our site, we may occasionally revise our privacy policy. All updates to this policy will be posted here.
